Practical and Mathematical Applications of Graphs, DFS, BFS and Queues.
=======================================================================

## Colouring a map (_Graphs_):

Not all countries can be boarded to 6 countries => A map can be coloured with a maximum of 6 colours (_can be proved by contradiction on the maximum colours needed_).  
However, the same method does not work for 4 colours. In 1976, it was done by iterating through all possible configurations on a computer.  

## Logical Problems (_Graphs_):
Eg:
    A: I didn't commit a crime;  
    B: A commited a crime;  
    C: I didn't commit a crime.  

    Only one of them told the truth and one of them is the criminal.  
    Who is the criminal?  

Ans:
    V ∈ {A, B, C}  
    E ∈ {(A, B), (A, C), (B, A), (C, A), (C, B)} // edges are denoted by (Accuser, Accusee)  

    Goal: Only one person is telling the truth, so the criminal will only be acused by one person only => C  

## Mazes (_BFS or DFS_):
Can be generated by graphs and random numbers:
  1. Generate a sequence of random numbers and asign each number a displacement;  
  2. For every direction you get, check the travelability;  
  3. Save it so that you can go back recursively to avoid the situation where the new path touches the old ones.  

## Ramsey Theory (_Graphs_):
In a disordered system, there are still some order => _however disordered a system is, there will still be some basic structure in the system._  
Suppose there are six people in a room:
    Considering each person as a vertex and friends are linked by black edges while strangers are linked by red edges.  
    In this group of 6, is it always the case that you either have 3 mutual strangers or mutual friends?

=> _R(3, 3)_ = the number of people in the room having 3 strangers or 3 friends = 6;
   _R(a, 2)_ = a (a ∈ Z⁺)

## Steganography (_Encryption_):
To hide the fact that some additional information (_payload_) is added to a transmitted package (_usually an image_), because the hacker does not know what the sent package is.

